♫ You made me love you
♫ I didn't wanna do it
♫ You made me want you
♫ And all the time you knew it
♫ I guess you always knew it
♫ You made me happy sometimes ♫
I have to go.
My train leaves at 9:45.
I know.
Thank you for taking care of me, Rose.
I love you, Mother.
I love you too.
Please, be careful.
You know I worry about you, all alone in New York.
Oh, I'll be fine, mother.
Things are just starting to fall in place.
(intensifying cymbols)
Don't say it.
I wasn't gonna say anything.
I just think--
Rose... don't.
Don't what?
Say it's ironic?
I can't think of a better example of the word I mean,
here we are, celebrating our 50th anniversary,
we're driving along, and we hit a pot hole.
I'm gonna go check the tire.
(suspenseful music)
I don't have another spare.
Most cars only have the one.
Ok, no more wise cracks.
I'm gonna have to call Information
to find the nearest garage.
Ok, dear.
And while you get this all figured out,
I'm going across the street to see if we ever get home.
A psychic?
Well, it's better than waiting a lifetime
for a tow truck to arrive.
Just don't be too long.
I don't wanna have to come in there and get ya.
You know I don't like psychics.
Oh, it's all in good fun.
I'll have her, or him, get a reading on you.
Just leave me out of it.
'fraid I can't do that, dear.
(eerie droning)
Hello, welcome.
Oh, hello.
You're not quite what I expected.
I get that a lot.
My name is Laura.
Come on in.
You probably already know my name.
Yes, Roxy. I've been expecting you.
Roxy? My name...
Well, once upon a time, I did go by Roxy,
but, that was a life time ago.
That was my stage name.
I was a nightclub singer in New York City.
I was just a young girl, only 21.
I was quite good actually.
Anyway, I get a call from my mother,
she's gonna have surgery,
of course, I rush home.
She comes through it fine.
I stay few weeks, and then I'm due back in New York.
Well, I'm driving my mother's car,
to pick up my friend Rita,
so she can drive it back from the train station,
and wouldn't you know it, I drive over a pot hole,
and get a flat tire.
Ironic.
Don't let my husband hear you say that.
Don't worry I won't.
Please, go on.
Well, I don't know the first thing about changing tires,
so I waited, probably 20 minutes or so.
Finally, a young man comes along and offers
to change the tire.
To make a long story short,
he was very charming,
and he asked me to stay one more day
so he could take me to dinner.
And I did.
That one day turned into fifty years.
I never looked back,
and I've had a wonderful life with a wonderful man.
I'm just curious.
What would my life have been like if I
made it back to New York that day?
Hmm.
So, the loop is nearly complete.
Excuse me?
Don't worry, you'll know in time.
If you had stayed in the city, hmm?
Give me your hands.
(eerie music)
There's a night club.
You're the headliner.
Oh, you look radiant.
There's a song.
(gasp) You're a beautiful singer.
You're very happy.
Time passes.
Your success in the city is growing.
In fact, you're on the verge of becoming a star.
You're on the stage, and a young man enters the club.
Catches your eye.
He buys you a drink.
You're in love.
There's a wedding.
You buy a beautful apartment in the city.
And,
you have your own tv show.
Now, you are a star.
Hey, thanks for coming.
Not a problem, I just need to see your AAA card.
Oh, yeah, sure.
That's your family?
Yeah.
My three boys and their wives,
and all 12 of my grandchildren.
That's Paul, the oldest.
And Joseph, I named him after me.
You're having a baby.
and then another.
More time passes.
Your children are having children.
Your star has long since faded,
but, you are happy.
(eerie music)
It's been 50 years.
So many grandchildren.
Your boys offer to pay for a trip away,
and your husband insists on driving.
Alright.
I've patched the hole. It should last until you get home.
Just be sure you dont run over any more pot holes.
Thanks, how much do I owe you?
And you ask me...
I know dear, I've seen it all.
Thank you.
Then you know she's alread paid for this session.
Just got it fixed.
We'll be on our way shortly.
Love you too, bye.
(uplifting music)
What was that for?
I love you.
I love you too, Rose.
You ok?
Never better.
Let's get on the road then.
(uplifting music)
So, what'd the psychic say?
Nothing I didn't already know.
Shall we go then?
Yes, we shall.
Which way?
You know, Joe?
We're already on the right road.
Just keep going down this way.
("Out of the Blue" by Erwin Steijlen)